# Secure Storage Plugin for Xamarin and Windows Apps (Phone, Store, UWP)The plugin can be used to **Securely store** sensitive data strings such as password, session token, credit card number etc. This plugin securely stores the strings across sessions on iOS, Android and Windows Apps including WP8, Store and UWP. It has easy to use API of key-value pairs. The pairs are saved using platform specific encryption mechanism. It has no dependencies on any packages (including Xamarin.Forms, MVVMCross.). And can be used by any Xamarin or Windows app. It is open source.**Note**If your app fails to save values in iOS 10 Simulator, open the Entitlements.plist file and make sure that "Enable Keychain Access Groups" is checked. Also ensure that in Project->Options->iOS Bundle Signing, the Entitlements.plist is selected in Custom Entitlements for iPhoneSimulator platform.This happens only in iOS 10 Simulator due to https://forums.xamarin.com/discussion/77760/ios-10-keychain## Usage ##It provides 4 methods.**SetValue** - Stores the key and value.``` CrossSecureStorage.Current.SetValue(“SessionToken”, “1234567890”);```**GetValue** - Returns the value for the given key. If not found, returns default value.``` var sessionToken = CrossSecureStorage.Current.GetValue (“SessionToken”);``` **DeleteKey** - Deletes the given key and corresponding value from the storage.``` CrossSecureStorage.Current.DeleteKey(“SessionToken”);``` **HasKey** - Checks if the given key exists in the storage.```var exists = CrossSecureStorage.Current.HasKey (“SessionToken”);``` NOTE: In Android Apps, it is required that the password is set by the application prior to use.```SecureStorageImplementation.StoragePassword = "Your Password";```In Windows Apps, it is required that the password is set by the application prior to use.```WinSecureStorageBase.StoragePassword = "Your password";```**Breaking change in 1.2 for Windows Phone 8.0 app.** The following line ~~**SecureStorageImplementation**.StoragePassword = "Your Password";~~should be replaced with the line for all Windows Apps (as above)The sample apps shows how to use it in Xamarin and in Windows Apps.Plugin: http://www.nuget.org/packages/sameerIOTApps.Plugin.SecureStorage/Blog: https://sameerkapps.wordpress.com/2016/02/01/secure-storage-plugin-for-xamarin/Note: 1.2.2 made compatible with UTF8. Issue #11.## Mocking in unit tests ##```C#//Create mock with LigthMock (http://www.lightinject.net/)var mockSecureStorageContext = new MockContext<ISecureStorage>();var mockSecureStorage = new CrossSecureStorageMock(mockSecureStorageContext);CrossSecureStorage.Current = mockSecureStorage;```#LicenseMIT License. 